Attorney-Client Agreement
1. This agreement is entered into by the undersigned, referred to as the “Client”, and the attorney ____________, referred to as the “Attorney”, for legal services to be rendered in connection with all claims and causes of action against all responsible parties for my injuries which occurred on or about the date below and is more fully described on the client questionnaire.
2. For the Attorney's services, the Client hereby conveys and assigns to Attorney a percentage of thirty-three and one-third percent if recovery is made prior to suit being filed or forty percent if recovery made after suit is filed, of the gross recovery, prior to the deduction of costs and expenses, of such cause or causes of action.  In the event a settlement or judgment is not obtained in this matter, the Client shall not be liable for any expenses of litigation.
3. Client advances shall be repaid from client's share of any recovery.  Attorney shall not charge interest on client advances.  Client has no duty to repay client advances in the event no recovery is obtained in this matter.  Client acknowledges that Attorney did not promise Client an advance prior to Client signing this Attorney Client Employment Agreement.
4. Any dispute, disagreement, claim, controversy regarding or arising from or related to termination of the Attorneys by the Client shall not be resolved by a lawsuit but solely by means of Arbitration, as the Parties expressly waive a trial by jury or judges of the courts of any state or government.  The Parties agree that they shall follow the commercial rules of the American Arbitration Association in conducting any necessary arbitration, but that they shall not be obligated to utilize the services of the AAA or to have an officially administered arbitration proceeding.  The Parties agree that any arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three arbitrators, with one arbitrator to be selected by the Attorneys, one arbitrator to be selected by the Client and one arbitrator selected by the two chosen arbitrators.  Each party shall bear there own attorney’s fees and expenses and the Arbitrator shall not award attorney’s fees or expenses to either party.
5. The client agrees that Attorney may withdraw at any time upon giving notice of withdrawal to the client’s last known address.  If the Client terminates this representation without good cause Attorney is entitled to receive the full attorney’s fees specified above.  Client may also be liable for other Attorney's fees if Client hires other counsel in addition to the Ogletree Abbott Law Firm, LLP.  Client understands that Attorney may associate other counsel in this matter and the Client hereby gives consent to such association at no additional cost to the Client.  Client understands that Attorney has made no representations concerning the successful outcome of this claim or the amount of any recovery.   This agreement constitutes the sole and only agreement of the parties hereto and supersedes any prior understandings or written or oral agreements between the parties respecting this matter.  Any changes or amendments to this agreement must be in writing and signed by all parties.
ATTORNEY                                                                            CLİENT